Add dashboard tile card (#24726)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/tile.markdown

---
type: card
title: "Tile Card"
sidebar_label: Tile

> description: "The tile card gives you a quick overview of your entity. The card allow you to toggle the entity, show the more info dialog or custom actions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The tile card gives you a quick overview of your entity. The card allows you to toggle the entity, show the more info dialog, or custom actions."
```

---

> The tile card gives you a quick overview of your entity. The card allow you to toggle the entity and show the more info dialog. A badge is shown for some entity like `climate` entity and `person` entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tile card gives you a quick overview of your entity. The card allows you to toggle the entity and show the more info dialog. A badge is shown for some entities like the [climate](/integrations/climate) or [person](/integrations/person) entities.
```

<p class='img'>
  <img src='/images/dashboards/tile_card.png' alt='Screenshot of the tile card'>
  Screenshot of the Tile card.
</p>

To add the Tile card to your user interface, click the menu (three dots at the top right of the screen) and then **Edit Dashboard**. Click the "Add Card" button in the bottom right corner and select **Tile** from the card picker.

{% configuration %}
type:
  required: true
  description: "`tile`"
  type: string
entity:
  required: true
  description: Entity ID.
  type: string
name:
  required: false
  description: Overwrites the name of entity.
  type: string
icon:
  required: false
  description: Overwrites the icon of entity.
  type: string
color:
  required: false

>   description: Set the color when entity is active. By default the color is based on `state`, `domain` and `device_class` of your entity. It accept [color token](/dashboards/tile/#available-color-tokens) or hex color code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Set the color when the entity is active. By default, the color is based on `state`, `domain`, and `device_class` of your entity. It accept [color token](/dashboards/tile/#available-color-tokens) or hex color code.
```

  type: string
  default: state
show_entity_picture:
  required: false
  description: If your entity has a picture, it will replace the icon.
  type: boolean
  default: false
tap_action:
  required: false

>   description: Action taken on card tap. See [action documentation](/dashboards/actions/#tap-action). By default it will show the `more-info` dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Action taken on card tap. See [action documentation](/dashboards/actions/#tap-action). By default, it will show the "more-info" dialog.
```

  type: map
icon_tap_action:
  required: false

>   description: Action taken on icon card tap. See [action documentation](/dashboards/actions/#tap-action). By default it will `toggle` the entity the entity is possible or show the `more-info` dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Action taken on icon card tap. See [action documentation](/dashboards/actions/#tap-action). By default, it will `toggle` the entity (if possible), otherwise, show the more-info" dialog.
```
